<p>As an individual deeply invested in the disciplines of languages, mathematics, and cognition, I have devoted myself to the study and teaching of these fields. Through this pursuit, I am able to evaluate my own comprehension while facilitating the sharing of my passions with others. My areas of specialization include cognitive neuroscience, machine learning, functional programming, number theory, and etymology. My Master's thesis, entitled "Quadratic & Cubic Reciprocity Laws," delved into the intricacies of the quadratic and cubic reciprocity laws, as well as primes of the form x<sup>2</sup> + ny<sup>2</sup>. Furthermore, I am particularly interested in the mathematical foundations of artificial intelligence and machine learning, including the application of mathematical reasoning to neural networks, targeted learning, causation, transfer learning, and continual learning.<p>

<p>I hold a Master of Science degree in Pure Mathematics from Imperial College London, and a Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics from Jesus and Mary College, University of Delhi. In addition, I have participated in a graduate summer school at the Tata Institute of Fundamental Research. My research experience encompasses work in the areas of epidemic modeling, geometry, and group theory, which I have conducted at institutions such as IIT Kanpur, Delhi University, and the Harish Chandra Research Institute in Allahabad.<p>

<p>In addition to my scholarly endeavors, I possess a keen interest in languages, and am proficient in English and Hindi. I have a novice-level proficiency in French, which I studied at Alliance Francaise de Delhi. I am currently engaged in refreshing my knowledge of Sanskrit and Latin, having previously studied the former for three years and having participated in various programs offered by Logophilia Education Pvt. Ltd., which sparked my interest in the latter. I am also striving to learn the Japanese script, Hiragana, and am presently studying Bharatnatyam from the Prayag Sangeet Samiti in India. My artistic inclinations extend to photography and digital art, which can be viewed on my dedicated Instagram accounts- <a href="https://www.instagram.com/cyclotomic_extension/">photography gram</a> and my <a href="https://www.instagram.com/addigitagram/">digital art gram!</a>. Furthermore, I am an enthusiastic participant in the sport of archery and am actively seeking to join a club in India.<p>

<p>This website features my resume, links to my blog, and a selection of projects that I have undertaken in order to explore my diverse interests. If you share any of these interests, I invite you to visit my blog, where I occasionally offer reflections and insights on my academic experiences, as well as provide guidance on the application process for internships. These can be accessed <a href="http://cyclot0micextension.wordpress.com/">here!</a>.<p>
